README.md, before:

INSERT MANDATORY GIF

# Project Title

This is a game inspired by the Offline Dinosaur Chrome with our own touch.<br>
Our unicorn cat has sunk down to the bottom of the ocean, help him swim his way out while tryng to avoid the obsticles in the water. Press spacebar to swim up to avoid the obsticles.<br>
This was created using Phaser 3 game engine. Here is the game link:
<br>
Have fun playing.

# Installation

1. Download the repository to your computer.
2. Open the folder in your code editor.
3. In your terminal _cd_ into the project's folder.
4. Type _npm run install_.
5. Open your liveserver to see the site.

# Changelog

- [#1 - Installed phaser and starting our learning process.](/pull/1)
- [#2 - We continued learning phaser by following Phasers own game tutorial for beginners.](https://github.com/emilvictor/level-up/pull/2)

# Code Review

1. `example.js:10-15` - Remember to think about X and this could be refactored using the amazing Y function.

# Testers

Tested by the following people:

1. Jane Doe
2. John Doe
3. Jane Doe
4. John Doe

Tested by the following muggles (non-coders):

1. Daniel (brother)
2. Parsa (friend)
3. Jane Doe
4. John Doe

# Created by

Emil
<br>
Gilda

Commit message:

last touchups and cleaned the code

README.md, after:

<img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/qhLwaybQQWVe8/giphy.gif" width="100%">

# Project Title

This is a game inspired by the Offline Dinosaur Chrome with our own touch to it. In this game our unicorn cat has sunk down to the bottom of the ocean, help him swim his way out while tryng to avoid the obsticles in the water. Press <i>spacebar</i> to swim up to avoid the obsticles.<br> <br>
This was created using <b>Phaser 3 game engine</b>. See the project hosted live on <a href="https://ocean-run.netlify.app/" target="_blank">THIS LINK</a>
<br><br>
Have fun playing.

# Installation

1. Clone the repository to your computer through your terminal.
2. Go to the cloned repo (cd _name of repo_).
3. Type _npm install_ followed by _npm run dev_.
4. A localhost server should have started for you and you can access the game from there. Have fun.

# Changelog

- [#1 - Installed phaser and starting our learning process.](https://github.com/emilvictor/level-up/pull/1)
- [#2 - We continued learning phaser by following Phasers own game tutorial for beginners.](https://github.com/emilvictor/level-up/pull/2)
- [#3 - We started coding our game and tried to make the ground on the canvas to run.](https://github.com/emilvictor/level-up/pull/3)
- [#4 - We have implemented the ground that scrolls and a ocean-background with the cat that can jump with spacebar.](https://github.com/emilvictor/level-up/pull/4)
- [#5 - Added a score text and tried to give the game a obsticle but hasn't worked yet.](https://github.com/emilvictor/level-up/pull/5)
- [#6 - Our obsticle is now added and working, and added more obsticles and a gamer-over.](https://github.com/emilvictor/level-up/pull/6)
- [#7 - Continued working on score. Implemented a score text that counts up endlessly.](https://github.com/emilvictor/level-up/pull/7)
- [#8 - Made the size of the cat a bit smaller and adjusted minor stuff.](https://github.com/emilvictor/level-up/pull/8)

# Code Review

1. `example.js:10-15` - Remember to think about X and this could be refactored using the amazing Y function.

# Testers

Tested by the following people:

1. Jane Doe
2. John Doe
3. Jane Doe

Tested by the following muggles (non-coders):

1. Daniel (brother)
2. Parsa (a friend)
3. Therese (a friend)
4. John Doe

# Created by

[Gilda A](https://github.com/gillybeans)

[Emil P](https://github.com/emilvictor)
